# Internet-Deconstrution
If you want to write a familiar but unclear vocabulary list, the word 'deconstruction' must be included.
From the beginning of A Chinese Odyssey, you can see critics' "deconstruction" from time to time to analyze similar subversive works that break through the original story framework, narrative method and even the whole meaning system, but it is difficult to find its accurate definition on the Internet.
No one can accurately define deconstruction, even the French philosopher Jacques Derrida who proposed it, because 'it is not a concrete method or theory, and the purpose of deconstruction cannot be achieved solely through theory and method, but must be resorted to action'.
Deconstruction does not have a standard appearance. Derrida said, 'There is no such thing as a general deconstruction. It only exists in certain deconstructive postures or events within established cultural, historical, and political contexts.' However, at the same time, it also has some commonalities, which is to 'resist illegitimate dogmas, authority, and hegemony,' which is also the responsibility of deconstruction.
So it is very likely that you have already participated in specific deconstruction events, but have not been able to accurately identify their deconstructive properties, such as using bullet screen protectors that read "prosperity, democracy, civilization, harmony..." when watching horror clips, or using "war wolves" to refer to tourists who sing the national anthem loudly at overseas airports due to flight delays, using such humorous ways to dissolve grand phrases such as "core values" and "patriotism".
Some critics believe that young people use memes, kusos, and other nonsensical methods to deconstruct everything, mocking everything, only cracking without establishing, only deconstructing without constructing, will lead the entire society into a "meaningless" nihilism. But according to Derrida, deconstruction does not dissolve meaning, making everything meaningless. On the contrary, it liberates more diverse meanings.
Deconstruction only deconstructs the standard meaning of the reference answer that "should be understood and practiced in this way". It deconstructs those universal, rational, logical, arbitrary, and ready-made things, while also constructing individual, non logical, democratic, and free things.
It requires you to reflect on where the culture we live in comes from, where traditions come from, and where authority and recognized customs come from? Why do they become the existence that governs our thoughts and actions? Then try to transform it, rebel against hegemony and question authority, in the process redefining what is more in line with your true experience. In his book "On Human Understanding," John Locke, the founder of British empiricism, said, "If an individual does not control meaning, or meaning is outside of personal experience, tyranny will linger nearby.
Deconstruction is always a struggle for discourse power, reclaiming each person's interpretation of meaning from those who consider themselves authoritative individuals or groups. The new meanings belong to individuals and therefore do not constitute a new unified meaning, but they are by no means a truly clean 'meaningless' expanse.
